Speaker 1  00:00
I want to thank all of our lovely partners and sponsors for making this possible. Especially our lovely sponsors: Ripple, Junior Spare, and our 20 partners: Mission Plus, Staple, Hayvest, and Living Fest, and Mission, Single Global Network 354, Cornerstone Community, and Outliers. So, without all of you guys, this wouldn't be possible. Please give yourselves a big round of applause. Thank you. Alright, so as I said, this session is really going to be a kick off for all the participants. You'll be receiving information around the challenge statements and some of our opening remarks from partners. So I'm not going to leave you dialog here. I'll kick it off to Cyrus Cruz, our managing director for committee, to kick us off. So

Speaker 2  00:38
Cyrus, please. Do

Speaker 3  00:43
I get a clap? I think Ash let the other room so easily. We're not going to start if I don't see everyone waving their hands in the other room. No? Can you guys hear us? There you go. Thank you so much. Okay, the other ones who didn't raise their hand is disqualifying. Good afternoon. How's everybody doing today?

Speaker 4  01:08
Great.

Speaker 3  01:10
I have a confession to make it. I've been in the corporate innovation space for about a decade. I think a decade ago, you're still going Pokemon Go or Pokemon cards and that sort of thing. I've been through a lot of iterations of B 2c. If you guys know what B 2c is, so a decade ago, we would have a team of four people: product, IT, project manager, and some guy who has to do something. Their job, and these are experienced individuals, their job is to be able to put a product we were selling, pen and paper, on the website. Big special project takes about six nine months, few $100,000 to be able to sell motor insurance online. You find that fascinating, right? We had a hackathon. My first hackathon was 10 months ago, and we had a travel insurance project. There was a group of this NTU students. I'm looking at you, NTU students in the other room. There you go. 19 and 21 years old. They never bought the travel insurance product before. They were so confused. What's going on there? And then he asked me a question. What does this mean? Is there like 40 projects? Oh no, those are benefits. I was like, oh, okay, sure. In two and a half days, and I'm not exaggerating by the way. You're already here. They were able to come up with a presentation that was much better than I've ever seen in my decade of corporate innovation. This is from not knowing what the travel insurance product is to being able to come up with a prototype. And it wasn't just me; my peers and the judges were there. We were all shocked, a little bit scared, because eventually we're going to be out of our jobs. You know, we just have to run hackathons all the time. That's why that was so powerful and quite inspiring that we couldn't wait another year to run another hackathon. Sorry, we did it in 10 months. Also, it's cheaper this time of the year. Thank you. No, no, must always get my jokes. But yeah, we're quite blessed with the new technology, of course. Again, I talk about B 2c IT infrastructure, blockchain, the first iteration of AI, the second iteration of AI. Anybody here was around for the metaverse, NFTs. How much money you lose, man? Lots. Claude guys here, he knows what's up. But I think more than the access to the tools right now with AI, it's the immense talent that we have. And I'm not just talking about students, but also professionals who are bored out of their day jobs who have access now to these powerful tools like accelerated development. But as fascinating and as interesting as that sounds, I think, quite frankly, we need capital. We need institutions to back it up. That's why we're quite thankful for our partners today, Banjo Luspare, having had partnered with Tennity for the past half decade, both in Switzerland and here in Singapore, and of course our partners at Ripple, having worked with for the past three years, both in Switzerland and Singapore. This year, we'd like to thank you for the friendship, partnership, and more importantly, the patience, if I may. And I think we convene the hunger and the talent that you guys bring to these large institutions. And more to that, as Ash has rightfully mentioned, oh, I don't have the logo, so I have my heart. We have also our very good partners, Oliver Wyman, which will be presenting a good presentation from them on what they're doing in the Genic UI form of insurance. We have our friends at Unlimited and Flashdown, who are very big in the payment space. We have our friends at Mission Plus Ned and also Outliers Vel. I really suggest you should meet both of them. Very interesting gentleman, not only from a personality perspective on what you're building. Hamax and Staple are portfolio companies of tenancy. Good surprise also. Haymax is giving out. Anybody has downloaded the Haymax app so far. Okay, it's gonna look a dumb. Thank you. So they're giving out. You're the investor. They're giving out Haymax miles for every participant, and the winners also get to take a total of 30,000 Amax miles, which will be enough to take you to probably Hong Kong in Malaysia, which is one guy or girl, but you figure it out.

Speaker 3  05:45
Okay, there's team rank stable, and of course our community partners with Ripple. We have T 51st chanter here. Okay, of course our friends at Freddy at the Cloud Community and So Gene. Your post, my post about my partnership with you guys? Our partnership with you guys was the one that got the most offline traction. Oh, working with Clockcombe, so that's fascinating. So I think I know, right? Talent. You guys have the talent. We have tools, and we have the infrastructure of institutions to be able to make this work. And I think with that, I ended up like I think is quite exciting and very powerful. I really encourage you guys not only to focus on the work that you're doing, but to interact, especially with the sponsors and the ecosystem partners that we have today. And again, thank you everyone for coming. And before I wrap up, speaking of community, we'd like to share with you that we are also a very big partner of the Singapore Global Network. Singapore Global Network is economic development board of Singapore's facility in terms of connecting not only Singaporeans but people all over the world who have an affinity to the Singapore market, which brings all of the professionals together. With that being said, let's roll the video, please.

Speaker 2  07:00
Connection. A word in itself is a connection of the words connect and on. And what happens when you switch your connections on? Relationships open. Doors open. And understanding. these fores, and wonderful things happen. Like when this guy needed to make this crazy-looking thing, so he connected with this architect in Singapore, who connected with this precision engineer in Germany, and this F1 rate carbon fiber expert in the UK, crazy things, no problem. And even for the not so crazy things, connections matter. Not just the how you make them, but also the who you connect with. Singapore Global Network is powered by a country built next ideas, ambitions, talent, and worlds. Whether it's over a traditional movie in Singapore, a 1,000-year-old matcha in Kyoto, or anywhere else in the world, join our growing community of members from over 168 countries to partner with us for your next big thing.

Speaker 3  08:25
Okay, thank you for that. With that being said, I highly encourage everyone to take the next 15 seconds to scan a QR code and be part of the Singapore Global Network. Really, it's a really immense and powerful network. In fact, majority of our mentors are coming from the Singapore Global Network. Mohammed and I went to Tokyo two weeks ago to help them out with the government of Japan as well to facilitate one networking event as well. I think in the case of AI, one thing you can't replicate is network. But yeah, with that being said, I'll pass it on over to our other partners who'll be doing their opening remarks for Ben Gillsberry and have Shang, we have Tots from Ripple, and we have Freddy from Clackamon PSP. Start off with mr. Shang, please round of applause, please. Thank you,

Speaker 4  09:13
Cyrus. You're welcome, and hello everyone. Cyrus Shang from Bank Julius Bay. I run digital channels for impact. So first of all, thank you to Cyrus and the NLP team for once again bringing us back to Syncax. I mean, this is very exciting for us as well as an organization because we are a leading wealth navigator, a wealth you know player in Switzerland, but we are also very committed to really look at innovation and see how do we want to change our products and services to take care of the needs of the next generation. So some people may know us as you know, hey, you are a private Swiss bank. You're only accessible to a niche set of clients with anywhere more than 5 million to 30 million, etc. Yes, you're right, but are we prepared? You know, for the next generation that is coming on to really challenge us, you know, to up upkeep our tools because all of them will be comparing our own products and services to the daily tools that they have been using throughout their lives. So these are the areas that we are constantly challenging ourselves to see how we can improve our services. So who we are, as already mentioned, we are based in Switzerland. We do have a huge, a large setup in Singapore and Hong Kong. In fact, Singapore and Hong Kong would be one of the larger areas where we drive our revenues and AUM from, and as part of that, we also have a a large team set up here in Singapore itself to run transformation. So there's probably about five 600 of us doing things like digital channels, order management, decision performance management, and all kind of services that we do globally. So as part of our challenge statement, you will hear later is clearly the world is evolving over time. So how might we, you know, use some of these tools that are already available, you know, for the retail or affluent segments and supercharge our ability to deliver more than just showing, you know, portfolio views to clients and having RMs sending mooncakes or you know coffee to clients and all that. So how do we make use of such tools to be at the forefront of innovation to enable like the RMs to have you know better insights, give better advice, or even stay back and let the tools simulate what could happen if there are certain poor events from happening. So these are what are the areas that we are looking at. All right. So last of all, a little bit more myself. So I was once like you. So also very inspired to join the industry or you know change the world, do something unique. This is really your chance to to show you know what what you can do, and also think out of the box, right? I mean, the business models will change over time. Google had a search engine, but now they are you know predominantly Gemini focus and all that. So just challenge us and also challenge yourself to take out the box and let's see what happens. All right.

Speaker 5  12:35
Hi everyone. My name is Tats from Ripple. I lead the ecosystem growth in APAC here, and partner with Tenney to build up the ecosystem in Singapore. And Ripple, when you hear the word Ripple, or like what is Ripple? In the day to day, you might not hear it often, but we work with financial institutions since 2012. We provide digital asset infrastructure solutions. So there's at a high level, two parts of the business that Ripple does. One is the commercial side, where we provide solutions to be able to safely store, exchange, and move value across these institutions. And the second part is the XRP ledger is open source layer one protocol. We're one of the biggest stakeholders and contributors to it. And today, the stakeholder part for the XRP ledger, we have multiple stakeholders here today with us that contribute to this ecosystem. And as everyone knows here, you guys are all builders, hackers, so you guys use AI every day, and it's coming into the institutional space as well, and also the payment space. So for our challenge today, we're going to be talking about agentic payments and how, for example, Ripple. One of our solutions that we provide is the Ripple USD stablecoin. So T54 is in the room as well, and Ripple is ever else back here. Maxime and Joel, if you can give a quick hands up, they're here as well. T54 is here as well. T54 is one of Ripple's strategic portfolio companies. The founder was actually an expert employer as well, and in Singapore last year we did an accelerator with Tennity, and T54 was part of that program as well. So it's kind of a full circle moment to have T54 with us today here to do this hackathon together around agency payments. So feel free to ask one of the career players or T54 about the challenge. Looking forward to seeing what you guys build on top of XRP ledger and using stablecoins and agentic payments. My name is Todd's, and again, feel free to reach out to us for any questions. Looking forward to seeing all the cool stuff you guys build.

Speaker 1  14:46
Hello. Okay, hello, ladies and gents. Freddy here from Cloud Singapore community. Thank you, everybody, for having me here. I'm very excited to see what everybody is going to prepare in this hackathon. In the other room, ah, you guys can hear me, lah. I don't know what's the camera. Hey, hello. Can you all hear me? If you are not ahead, don't like that, right? Okay. So, um, so talk. Just a quick introduction. Talk Singapore community is non-profit community. We do workshops, do classes, do hackathons, we do sharing sessions, we do networking sessions, we even do running sessions, every kind of thing around Singapore. So we do events like probably one to four times a week regionally. So Indonesia, Vietnam, we have different chapters as well. Fully non-profit to make sure we empower, encourage, and educate people on AI. So happy to be here. Nothing no too hard for you to scan. So just can Google Cloud Singapore. Yeah, that's it. Thank you. Okay. Thank you, Pats. Yeah, I will not lose any more time. I'm going to share a little bit of how the next segment of this intro session is going to go. So we have already heard from our early sponsors and partners. What's going to happen now is going to start going into the challenge deep times. So for all of you who are participating here, this is a very important segment. This is where you're going to start to learn a lot more about the various channels that you ask that are going to be expected to view over the weekend. So this is also time for questions and clarifications. If you have any, both of our channel speakers have about 30 minutes each to really go through their presentations. So yeah, if you do have any, please feel free to raise. We'll have a Q and A session at the end. For the folks who are in the other room, there is actually a very cool back and forth that we can do here. I will have one of our 10 staff members there. So if you have questions as well during the Q and A session, just raise to them. If you speak into the microphone from that room, we can kill, so this might goes both ways. All right. So I won't close off in the wall. We'll start off with our first challenge statement review from Julius May. So we can please. Shan will put this off. Shan, go ahead. All

Speaker 4  17:16
right. So thank you. The challenge statement. We only reviewed like half of it. All right. So as already mentioned, we have all the leading wealth managers in the group. Probably you have heard of the other one. So next. All right. So we have, you know, we we started really non-blank bank, right? We were a family-owned band by mr. Judas Baird. Part of the family is there with us today as one of the key directors, and clearly in terms of anywhere we are about 520 something, and almost half of them are in Singapore and Hong Kong. So think about the client demographic in that way, and in Singapore, Hong Kong, I can share a little bit more. Most of them are entrepreneurs. You know, they they make their you know wealth through doing traditional businesses and all that. And there's a lot of like generational wealth as well that we pass on, especially in Hong Kong. So so there's a lot of long heritage to some of these clients, organically growing our book, you know, typically we we get from new RMs that join us from from different banks and all. Otherwise, you know, we also organically you know grow them through our current portfolio books as well. Right, next time. Right. So, what's the main difference between wealth management and retail, right? So when you talk about retail, typically you say it's more of an all-in-one banking app. You have payments, you do maybe of transactions, you know, and then maybe some we use our tools from our local banks, but you see a little bit of planning, your net worth and your bill payments and all sorts. These are what we call daily banking. That is what retail clients typically look for. So, from a wealth management point of view, we have what we call a portfolio construct. So, a portfolio will typically be split into a multi-asset type of portfolio where you could dabble into areas like equities, funds, ETFs, and even structured products. You know to start a more holistic wealth management to to grow our wealth. So that's typically the the main difference. Those are client demographic as well. There are individual clients, and then there are also those with our family offices. So you have seen the news that you know MAS is all encouraging family offices to set up in Singapore the minimum AUM. So these are the ones that we look at as well. And of course, we do you know wealth reservations, as mentioned, right? Trust, legacy planning, and all are really in our core expertise. That is not something that you typically get from a retail bank, and our relationships are very human centric. It's high touch from the RM, and most of the time, the RM is like a family friend of the large client as well. It's unlikely that the RM will acquire a client through you know like like you know just a walk-in or something like that that we will do for retail. So these are the kind of business that we deal with. It's different from retail, where it's typically like the digital banks, right? We just sign up online and then you just transact for zero to low fees. All right. So, all right. Here we go.

Speaker 6  21:00
Thanks, Shang. Hi, everyone. I'm Wikiped from Judith Bear as well. I'm the Open Innovation League, the person who came up the the data set that that's sitting on our on the GitHub. Just quick question: Do y'all have access to the GitHub already?

Speaker 7  21:16
Yes.

Speaker 6  21:17
Oh no. Oh, okay. So y'all have seen the the challenge. No, okay, that's fine. So anyway, the the idea is to create an intelligence layer for the RM that will help the RM understand what is happening to the client's portfolios. So Unlike maybe the the retail banks where you are able to go into your e banking app and and immediately try to ask if you if you really want to. I know that not maybe not in Singapore, but there are certain apps in in the mass affluent and retail space around the world that you can actually go in and start asking, why is AMD not doing well today? Why is my portfolio down by 5% But for wealth management, for for for us, we don't look at things that way. AI still needs a kind of human in the loop, and that's where that's where our RM sits, at least for this for this challenge. So what you're what we are expecting you to do is to really look at how AI can augment and support the relationship manager and help the the relationship manager answer the the two questions up there. What does my client's portfolio look like? Why does it look like that, and what should I know, and what should I do next? So those are the questions. The data will be the data augmented with AI should should be able to answer. So as I mentioned, we are not here to replace the relationship manager. We are here to support the relationship manager, make them a little bit more efficient, make them feel a little more intelligent as well when they're answering such questions. So over there in the asterix, I know we have the Cloud Singapore community here, and I personally love plot, but we're not restricting you to any of the the tech stacks. We did the same for for SwissX. So we've been doing this with tenants here in Singapore and Switzerland for the past few years now. Ensure that this is going to be a really fun time for you. So yeah, do whatever you need to do, and and as long as you can give us the answers, I'm not fussed about how you present. So curious. So the judging criteria, I'll let you guys look at the three building blocks yourselves. But the judging criteria for all four sections will be 25% each. So our aim here is not to to come up with a zero sum game or or a mathematical challenge for you is really to create a solution that is that still feels human that will really support the relationship manager. We're not here for to to to have a solution that really answers everything right down to the the very granular level, but as long as you are able to to to answer the questions, more or less you're fine. Next slide, please. So I'm not going to go too deep into this as well, but all of the the informations in the in the in the CSV files attached, and most of the the information I think should be quite clear. But if you have any questions, we will be around to to help answer any questions that you have. Yeah. Otherwise, I think that's all for us. Really hope that you join until this bell challenge, and hope to see what you guys can come up with. One last point. We have a side quest happening tomorrow at 2p.m. So Julius there, we've been trying this with with Tennanty, and we had a few interviews last year. But we are moving even further and hoping even harder that we are able to hire some folks. There will be a side quest happening at 2p.m. tomorrow. It will take about an hour, an hour and a half, and if you are able to demonstrate your your competence, your capabilities, we are looking to hire hiring managers around. Brita, do you want to raise your hand? Oh, Britta, San Diego. But if you so tomorrow, I think we'll have a booth. You can pop by our booth to ask what's what's required to to to be a to join Judas there, and yeah, I we really want to hire. So please, yeah, thanks. Thank

Speaker 3  26:00
you so much, Andrew Newsier team. Yes, this is one of the more fun challenges they have. They are sincerely hiring. Actually, we've had successfully done this in the past three years. Our friends at Snapfind, Joe and Sora, will be around supporting us for this. They're one of the best executive search guys in the market. They'll be supporting Kennedy and graduates here for this one. So yeah, go around, and if you're looking for jobs, might be a bit converse with that. Before handing over to Joel, is he around?


Transcribed by https://otter.ai