Speaker 1  00:00
This time around, similar with last year, tomorrow we're going to be only announcing the top three finalists. What's going to happen after is you guys are going to present the top three finalists will present at the Swiss, sorry, not Swiss Singapore FinTech Festival on the Swiss Pavilion, wherein you will have an opportunity from today up until SFF week to polish what you've started this next two days and do a final presentation, and then the winner will be selected on the spot at Singaporean festival in front of the whole Swiss Pavilion. So I think that's quite exciting for everyone. But in any case, with that being said, I'll hand it over to you, Joel, for the virtual challenge.

Speaker 2  00:47
Thank you, sir. Hi, my name is Joel, and I'm from Ripple. I work as a senior developer relations, and here today I'm just going to talk about our challenge statement and then kind of the background behind it, so yeah. So agency payments, yes, it is happening, but like it seems like there is a lot to do. So ideation stage, I think how we see it is that we already kind of have passed. So like ideation would be like what can we do with agents, and you know, like what you know what agents are doing right now on blockchain or you know on traditional Rails right now. But the next stage will be you know defining specifications, building SDKs, you know partnerships being made. You know Visa, Mastercard. We hear news all day long, and some research being done. And then later on, I think there will be a real world use case. But I think really where we're at right now is actually here. But then I think through this hackathon, what we're hoping is, you know, this part, you know, because so far we've been working hard to build this, right? And then now we want to see this, and then that's why we all have this right individuals here. Yes. So just diving deeper into that center piece, you will see like these like popular standards coming up, you know, every single day. Open one standard by Lumpe, MPP export 02 SCP AB two A two A all that, right? But then so far, we don't think that people have really figured out what they can't do with it, right? And then that's that's what really matters. So as I have been saying, the infrastructure, the specifications, I think they have been getting ready and readier, right? But what can we do with that? That's the main problem. But then, you know, before diving deeper, any deeper into agent payments, since we are a visual assets company, what is a blockchain, and then what is the XRP ledger? So, just in case you don't know about a blockchain, a blockchain is just basically a chain of blocks that contain data in a decentralized manner, and then you don't need to understand everything for now. It's okay. And the qualities, the three top qualities of a blockchain, I would say, would be transparency, mutability, and decentralization. And then I will cover why these might matter in my coming slides. Well, then let's just dive a little bit deeper into XRP Ledger, right? So XRP Ledger, Ripple is one of the biggest contributors, and then it's one of the biggest blockchains in the world. And then it's fast, you know, low cost. You probably you just pay like a penny to submit a transaction, and then it's been running for 14 plus years, and it's decentralized, and then it's fully open source, so you can check it out on GitHub as well. And then, what really makes XRPL special is if you know a little bit more about blockchain. No mining is required. That is our philosophy, and then it really shapes the way how this blockchain works. If you dive deeper into it, and then as I'll explain further in my coming slide, there are some built-in features that make it really useful for financial applications. Also, we got something called account reserves. You can probably figure that out as you look into the docs more, and then as I said, there are some built-in features like Unified Dex and AMM that might come in handy if you're working on payments or FX. And then really, all you need to do is connect into XRPL API and then just start working on it. So what's so special about XRP? This part is that if you know about smart contracts, it's it's a real pain. But XRP, you don't need a smart contract. Everything is built into the blockchain. Yes, that's why. Yeah. So your apps here users connect to XRP ledger through one API, and then there will be all the features available already for you. So you don't need to build anything from scratch; it's just already there. So it's just a matter of like figuring out which features to use, which options to use, and then how to use it, and then how to make it useful in your specific business use case. So going back to agent payments, right?

Speaker 2  05:43
Like, how does blockchain relate to agent payments? Obviously, if you want to build something using blockchain for agent payments, you gotta tackle this part, right? This internet intersection here, right? So there are many things that you can just kind of bring up that relate to that intersection, and then here's a few, right? So payments, obviously, you can pay on blockchain, and then agent payments is obviously, you know, related to payment, right? And then obviously trust is what matters. You know, blockchain we care a lot about trust and security, transparency. You know, agents when they are working on something, does transparency matter? Obviously, blockchain is a transparent playground. So, what can you do about the velocity? How speedily agents pay doesn't matter. And how how can you use blockchain to improve that? Anonymity: everything is pretty much masked on blockchain, all the way is transparent. You don't even know who's sending what. So can you use? Can you can you take advantage of that autonomy? Obviously, everything's running autonomously in the agency world, and the blockchain things can run pretty much autonomously as well. So you know, it's just really up to you to figure out the rest of the things here. It's just like one of the examples, right? And then here comes the challenge sandwich. So basically, we want you to find a real customer problem. So do not make a problem for your product. That's what we really want you to do, right? So most of the times during a hackathon, what happens is that you create a fictional problem, and then you create a product that solves that problem, right? And then we don't want that to happen, right? So please, please, please start from the real problem, and then that will make you. That will enable you to create a real product, right? So that's what we really want you to do. So please bear that in mind. And then, obviously, if you build a real product that solves a real business problem, then you'll create a significant better business experience, right? So that's what we want you to do, and then how you do it is by using the SRP ledger. So that's the one hard requirement that would that that we would put on you, and then there are several other sort about the typo here. There there are multiple tools and resources that you can use. So SRP AI Starter Kit, and there are certain SDKs that we provide related to export 02 and MPP on SRP ledger. And then we already, if you go onto this link, we already provided all the resources, skills, whatnot, for you to start working on the Chinese statement, and then 630, as far as I remember, we're gonna dive deeper into how you can get get started on building the actual stuff. So stay tuned for that. But otherwise, I think I'm done For the presentation, yeah.

Speaker 3  09:08
Thank you so much. Before I go next, I just want to give a quick pause. Anybody have any specific questions for our challenge statement provides EWJB or yes, go ahead, sir.

Speaker 4  09:21
Can you not one of the tracks, but using the technology of Ripple or Julisspire? Ah,

Speaker 3  09:26
sorry. Can you say

Speaker 4  09:27
three tracks, right?

Speaker 3  09:29
Two key.

Speaker 4  09:29
Okay, so two tracks, right? So what if you do another track that doesn't exist but uses the technology and it is a pain point in the market, and you solve it through fintech using Ripple or Julius Fire, does that count if the pain point is real?

Speaker 3  09:46
So, so let me repeat the question. So the other one here. So the question is, can we can can we develop a solution that is not one of the two tracks, but utilizing the solution of Julius Bear for Ripple, right? So I think my kind of direct answer is probably no at this point. I think the objective of the hackathon is really to provide a guided challenge for participants to solve. But if you do have a solution that solves a real world problem using technology from Vista and Rifle, I think that's something that they would definitely be interested in. So we have a separate session where you directly speak. That might be helpful. But I think, for clarity's sake and to make sure it was guided, try your best to stick to the challenge around this. Make sense? Anyone else? We also are able to take questions from the other room. So for those of you in the dive room, if you have any questions, raise your hand. If identity staff member is stationed in front, he will pass you the mic, and like I said, we will be able to hear your question as well. Anyone else from this room? If not, I'll follow first. So, if you aren't, if you don't have any questions right now, or you might have them later, right?

Speaker 1  10:55
But first of

Speaker 3  10:56
May and tomorrow, both Julius Bell and Ricola will be present within the hat call

Speaker 2  11:01
itself.

Speaker 3  11:02
Okay. Again, look for Joelle tasks. For Judas Baird, we actually do have a booth tomorrow. D 54 as well. So if there's any very specific things, there's a location to find it. Okay, I'm going to head into the next section of just wrapping up the voting segment. So first of all, thank you very much to everyone for your attention and patience. Right now, essentially, we have completed the deep dive into the channel statements as well as the opening ceremony. So as of right now, officially the hackathon has officially commenced, and participants are able to deep dive into the actual repositories and materials for GitHub as well as on the motion. So all motion, all links have been unlocked. You are able to access the challenge statements fully, the repositories as well as all other required materials. So do take your time to read through them and understand what you're getting yourself input before you make a selection. So what happens next? Starting from right now, you're free to essentially start planning, talking to your teammate, deciding what you're going to be doing for the next two days, and what that will look like is essentially going to be yeah submitting your team administration form on our Notion. So in Notion, we have unlocked the team registration form. Once you are ready with your channel statement selection and your team members, fill that in and submit. So once you're submitted, we officially welcome you into the hackathon. We'll be locking the register statement for the rest today and tomorrow, and then we'll start essentially. And basically, you're free to start working essentially. Yeah. So that's going to be the key sort of things. So a few administrative things highlighted before that you guys know. The first of all is for the rest of today's programming. The rest of Delta is free for you guys to use to essentially begin working. So we have this room and have this geek live room, this other room with the live stream as well as the whole of this elder lobby, I know that's a little bit squeezy today because we also have auditors and some people here. Tomorrow we actually have a much larger audit forum on the other side. We've also tried to cater for more chairs and telehealth, so hopefully that means that there's a bit more space for everybody here. So today, essentially, you're free to move in the building. The venue closes at 9 p.m. So 8:30 was actually. people out. 9p.m. the air form closes, and I get charged every hour after that. So please help me. Okay, yeah. So that's going to be kind of the key things. Second thing to note is that we have a few more times for the rest of the day. 6p.m. dinner will be served. It'll be the same venue here. Dinner provided. So make sure you get your food. We have one workshop that will be held here as well. So I want to make a special shout out to especially the folks who are going to be choosing the Ripple channel statement. Joel and Claire, we did before. They're going to be doing another workshop here that goes much deeper into Expo to Web three, the various tools you may need. So make sure that if you are doing the challenge for Ripple, you also attend the Ripple workshop. So 630, same venue here. It'll be just this room. So if you aren't doing Ripple challenge, my recommendation is to move outside because there will be a lot of conversation about Ripple happening basically and expo. Yeah, yeah. So that's going to be workshop dinner tomorrow's timings. I'll go very briefly, but all this information is going to be available in the Notion document. So the one thing I'll say here is the Notion is your best friend. Everything you want to do is going to be in there, and if it's not, then you combine. Okay. But yes, tomorrow's time is nine a.m. The venue opens again. We have access to auditorium as well as this room, as well as the whole hotel to this time. So find a police board, pay your team members, start hacking. Number two, we will have booths available from some of hubs as well.

Speaker 3  14:44
So if you have any questions, any teams you'd like to check out, if you like things you'd like to ask, they're also available there starting tomorrow morning. The next timings that are important for tomorrow will be 2p.m. There will be the side challenge review from Julius Bear. So Julius Bear team will be back here in this room to share the side challenge, as BK has mentioned, they're hiring, right? So this challenge is going to be a really opportunity to prove if you you have what it takes to be hired. So if that's something of interest to you, please come and check them out here at 2pm. We have a workshop tomorrow as well, ACDC by Net and Nutrition Plus team. So that's going to be at 11 a.m. tomorrow, agent-centric development site. So again, all of this is going to be on the motion. Very important timing. 6 p.m. the hackathon closes. So starting from now to 6 p.m. is going to be your crunch time. 6 p.m. the hackathon closes and the pitching endeavor will begin immediately. I'll make two notes on the pitching. Number one will be very strict with timing. There's a lot of teams today, very good turnout, but that also means that we have to make sure that everyone has to be a shot present what they have made. So when you're doing your pitching, you have three minutes: your pitch, your demo, whatever problem you're trying to solve, why you deserve to be the winner. That all is covered in three minutes. So practice. Make sure you're articulate. Make sure you know what you're talking about. The next two minutes will be judge Q and A. At five minutes, one of the 20 team members will cut the timer, and then that's it. Scoring will happen immediately. So we'll treat it as a professional full-on pitch session. It's going to be really good practice, but also potentially something potentially maybe stressful. But if you work hard, if you practice, if you know all your stuff, you'll be fine. Second thing to note is that the pitching will come back from six and hopefully end by 8p.m. Cloning ceremony will be over the next one hour, and SRS actually will be selecting three finalists for each track, three from Judas Man, three from Ripple, and these finalists will be able to be will have time to publish their their project, and then eventually they will do a second pitching at FinTech Festival, and we'll give you more details on that. That's also when we'll be giving out prizes. Yeah, I think that's going to be most of the key details. Pause here for any Q and A for myself. Yes, I just want. Where are these mentors? Where are they for? Oh, so so sorry. I'm I'm totally. missed it out. So number one, as of day two onwards, you also see the notion banks input a mentor page, and there's a mentor guide. So you'll see some of them today. You'll see some of the mentors walking around. But as of day two, you'll be able to reach out to mentors in different fields and industries, and there will be essentially you know third a second pair of a second pair of eyes and new perspectives for your project. So we highly, highly recommend teams do at least one mentor session tomorrow. They they I have mentors doing morning afternoon sessions. So make sure that you make use of the expertise, the experience, of course, their knowledge to be able to get better feedback for your project. The therapy team members will also be helping to facilitate engagement between mentors as well as key participants. So we'll make sure that you know if you need help, we're seeing people you know have some conversation. We may recommend you guys to speak to a mentor. So thank you so much, gentleman in the back, for the question. That is a very important point. Yes. Okay. Any other questions?

Speaker 5  18:04
Yes. The

Speaker 3  18:06
notion link has been sent in the approval email that I sent out to all participants. If you signed up today or you had a different route in. Second thing, notion document also as Telegram announcement channel. So if you can't listen into the announcement or you're going to be moving around. Join that Telegram announcement. We will also post all available links there. So right after this, I will post all the links and pin it into the Telegram channel. That announcement is posted on the screen. So for those of you who are not on the Notion or not on Telegram, come find me and ask into the emails. Any more questions? Anyone from the other room? If not, we'll wrap up with a short video, and then I'll give you guys your own devices.

Speaker 6  18:43
Okay, for the presentation.

Speaker 3  18:47
Okay, I think we're going to close it. Okay, so before I introduce your as you guys accepted games and start choosing your channel statements and teams, we're going to play a short video from Oil for Mine RTI Communication Partner. So please have a look. Yeah, looking forward to seeing everyone else. Thank you.

Speaker 5  19:07
Agentic AI is moving from experimental to operating law. In insurance, that shift is hard to imagine. It is becoming straightforward to build. Consider underwriting. An agent takes in a submission, extracts the exposures, compares them against appetite, pulls third-party data, drafts the questions of broker needs answered, and proposes terms. What it cannot do is bind. The submission moves at machine speed. The authority to commit Does not or claims first notice of loss arrives. An agent collects the documents, test coverage, flags inconsistencies, recommends a reserve, drafts the communication, assembles a settlement package. Again, the work runs right up to the point where someone has to decide and stops-that is more than automation. It changes the nature of work. People stop performing every step and start supervising a system of agents, setting authority, reviewing exceptions, challenging recommendations, deciding what may bind the firm, deep underwriting and claims judgment stay scarce. What is added is knowing when the machine is wrong, which changes the question. The industry has been asking whether AI can do this work. The agents are now good enough that the question has moved. Can we let it do this work at scale on decisions that carry real money? There is a useful precedent. Volvo did not invent the three-point seatbelt to make cars sit still. The seatbelt helped make speed safer. Good AI governance works the same way. The purpose is not to wrap agents in enough process that nobody uses them. It is to build the confidence to move faster, because the risk changes shape when AI moves inside the decision rather than sitting beside it. It selects what the decision maker sees. It weights the options. It frames the recommendation. A human approval step is still necessary. It is not by itself evidence that anything was independently evaluated. So ask a harder question. 18 months from now, could you reconstruct that decision? Could you show which model and version acted, what data it saw, what authority it held, what evidence it relied on, and where a human overrooted? If not, the exposure is hard to price, reserve for, supervise, or transfer. That is why consequential AI needs a capability, architecture agnostic, but specific about evidence. Five things should be true.

Speaker 6  22:07
First,

Speaker 5  22:08
attributability. Every consequential decision leaves a durable, independently verifiable record of what was decided by which authorized actor on what basis? Second, detectability, drift, degradation, and silent substitution are surfaced by design, not presumed absent. Third, bounded severity, failure is contained inside a finite envelope. Fourth, no single trust group. A model may be extraordinarily capable, even dominant, without becoming the thing we simply believe. Models inform, authorized actors bind, and fifth, demonstrability. A consequential decision can be rebuilt end to end, the model, the version, the inputs, the authority, the evidence. There is more than one way to deliver that. The pattern we have been building is deliberately model agnostic, a thin control layer above whichever models you use, with every consequential code passing through one point, that point answers four questions continuously: Who may bind? What is recorded? How change becomes visible? How assurance scales with consequence? When authority is absent or expired, nothing binds. Every consequential action leaves a receipt, signed, hash chained, reconstructable, and because that same control point sees workload, task class, model, and cost, it produces a second ledger with the same instrumentation. AI spend is already a board question, and most firms answer it with an allocation argued after the fact. One control point, two ledgers. Architecture deliver is not enough. Challenge capability has to be built and staffed, not assumed. Controls have to be easier to use than to bypass, and review capacity must not be quietly engineered out by the business case, but justify the program. An instrumented form with nobody to run it documents failure without preventing it. This matters particularly in insurance because AI exposure does not stay local. Firms share the same models, the same clouds, the same pipelines, the same prompt patterns. A few common dependencies can produce correlated failure across many books at once. Cyber taught this industry that concentrated capability creates concentrated exposure. Capability may be concentrated. Trust need not be made, and this is the path to insurability. Before a new risk can be priced or transferred, it has to become make AI

Speaker 2  25:11
users visible,

Speaker 5  25:14
then make failure detectable and challengeable, then make controls enforceable, then bound the exposure so it can be assured, and in time partly transferred. Only a subset will be; the rest has to be governed. That is the opportunity we see. Projecting AI can compress cycle time, expand capacity, and change how underwriting and claims work. But the winners will not be the firms with the most agents. They will be the firms whose agents operate with speed, evidence, authority, and accountability. The next frontier is not more capable AI. It is AI that institutions can trust enough to use at scale, and these are capabilities we are building now. Trust and AI at scale, brought to you by Oliver Wyman Actuarial. Do

Speaker 6  26:15
they put up fireworks every like interview?

Speaker 1  26:30
Okay, I think Ash has already dispersed everyone. Yes, he'll continue. Find you guys with the temptation teachers tonight. Any questions? We have food coming up for dinner at 6p.m. There's a bar right next there that serves $5. It's not covered by the event.

Speaker 2  26:45
I'll

Speaker 1  26:46
go there,

Speaker 3  26:49
but yeah.

Speaker 1  26:51
Happy hiking, everyone, and thank you for coming again. I suppose they're not listening. Okay, thank you so much, everyone. That's why

Speaker 7  27:04
I tell them.


Transcribed by https://otter.ai